[MUSIC]
lui.z is an autonomous agent that works out of any communication interface,
being Slack, email, voice, or text.
"I wish I knew lui.z years ago."
"We brought lui.z in to fix our infrastructure, and the whole stack has been
flying since. Absolute lifesaver, to be honest."
"You just tell it what you need in plain English and it executes."
"The neural training overhead was basically zero." [LAUGH]
"Brilliant asset. The transition was seamless."
"Out-of-the-box compatibility with our legacy infrastructure is exceptional."
"Highly recommended for critical work."
"Since provisioning lui.z into our organizational cluster,
I actually get to sleep through the night."
"The failover capabilities are flawless."
"Never seen anyone smash as much coffee.
It's triple-shot flat whites constant."
"lui.z single-handedly keeps our daily revenue up."
"It's a machine, but always nice though."
[MUSIC]